# CoRakshak-Dwaar
## An IoT & Androdi Based Project 
### Introduction
`Corakshak Dwaar is a device that aims at reduce the manual work and health risk for the frontline workers by automating the temperature measurement, sanitization process and simplifying the record maintenance in public places.`


### CoRakshak Dwaar consists of 4 parts:
- IoT module 
- User App
- Admin App
- Web Database Spectator

## User App
In this App user have to fill the form for the ;fhgdlskjdfhglksjfhgs

Feature of the User App
- Secure login with phone number and OTP.
- Ability to go through Railway Station, Airport or bus stop.
- Book a Covid test within minutes. 
- Book a vaccine slot within minutes.
- Filling a passenger detail only takes about 1 minute.  
- Add more than one passenger if travelling with companions. 
- Ability to check booking history. 
- Encrypted QR code will get generated.
- QR code will only be scanned by our Admin App.
- Ability to changes languages( Currently Hindi and English).


##foto##
##foto##
##foto##

## Admin App
This is a scanner app which scan the QR code generated by the user app and send the QR information to the IoT module.

Feature of the User App
- DataBase can be accessed with this app.



## IoT module
Iot Module Stack
- NodeMCU (8266 WIFI)
- MLX90614
- OLED Display
- Piezo Buzzer

Features of IoT Module
- Fetch data of the current scanned user from the database.
- Scan the body temprature of user and display it on OLED screen.
- If temprature is above 99.5F trigger the buzzer.
- After temprature measurement sanitizing process will get triggered.
- Send the data of current user into the firebase database.

##foto##
##foto##
##foto##

## Web Database Spectator
It is a simple web app that display the final database into table form. 

Features of Web Database Spectator
- Secured Login System.
- Easy search by Data and PNR.
- Download the Data into excel sheet.

